So out and we added a way to add new controls add new ingredients you're Let's now work on the removal
of those ingredients.
That's something we're not able to do right now.
Right.
So back in the code back to this action sheet right now we're only presenting this dialogue if we click
the button but now when I go to this remove all ingredients händler here and also do something in this
callback and this handler function which is executed if you click this button here.
The goal is to somehow remove all items in our array of ingredients right.
So how can we actually do this.
Now it turns out that as of now resetting such a former array is not a super trivial but it's not that
hard to first of all I will retrieve is former array and I will store it in a new property and a new
consonant should say excuse me.
So does Formery are stored in the array constant here is.
Of course of type for array like this.
And I will simply exit my recipe form and get my ingredients property like this which will be a form
array.
Now of course typescript does know that this will actually be a form array so will explicitly costis
and now it knows this gives me access to my Formery next.
I want to loop through all the controls in this array.
However I will then also remove the controls step by step.
So I will shrink this array while looping frood to do this.
I'll create a new helper constant Where is stored the length of this array of form array and then length
which gives me the number of items in theory and then I'll check if length is greater than zero.
So if I actually do have items in the array if this is the case I will trigger a for loop where I loop
through my length minus 1 as a starting point due to the difference between index and length.
Then I will loop as long as I have greater than zero and I will decrement either one on each iteration.
So this will do loop from the end of the array to the beginning and then I can simply use my X my array
here and call remove at and pass I.
So if that i'm Step-By-Step removing the ingredients in there the nice thing about this method is if
you were to change your app that you are also able to kind of remove the last five elements or something
like this you can easily use this approach to only loop until you're at the fifth last element and something
like that instead of emptying the array completely.
So with this I'm now removing all elements and that should already be all we need.
So if I now let this recompile and then have a look at the running application let's reloaders and go
to our page.
Let's add two new ingredients like milk and then also bread again.
And let's now call remove all ingredients and they're gone.
So this works as intended which is great.
The next step of course is to now also show some helpful messages.
For example if we try to add an ingredient like this it just fails because we're not allowed to add
an empty ingredient but it would be nice to see some message and for Dad we'd get toasts little helper
messages would disappear after a couple of seconds.
Let's have a closer look at them and the next lecture.